Happy New Year is in this world. There are so many beautiful cultures, traditions, and each has a
lot of meanings, a lot of supporters of the government, all individuals of this, one of them is
wonderful, beautiful, rich, the New Year, but it's not just the only rich, it's the accorded
Buddhism.
This is the place our teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, proclaims the miracle's activities at the Sarva
Star or Jyatavan Road where Buddha gives the Diamond Sattara's teachings.
To repeat this, that the Jains, like today, echo the very calendars and goes on until full moon, so
therefore it's considering also Madak's multiplying months and also it is that any virtuous
activities every do, it has a lot of powers, a lot of benefits, is really multiplied a hundred
thousand times in teaching those teachings.
So therefore, if we all can do the activated, our bodhicata, courage and commitment, joy and
appreciation with that thought, and then really wishing good things this world, the practice and
meditation, and wearing good things, there's no more wars, no more famine, no more natural disaster
.
Everybody should believe happy, joy and respect to each other, so this world will become peaceful,
alone, very kind and nice, really, should be like that, but that is a very important balance.
We're talking environments, but externalities are so important, but also inner environment can come
, peace, love, convey your thought, it will really bring perfect environment of the inner level
beings.
So our environment is perfect, inner environment is perfect, and that must be like a golden egg or
a pill, and as a Buddha, amtava or devati, so this is really very special, so on this equation I'd
like to again take this opportunity, wish you all best, good health, joy, peace, love, respect, and
also gratitude for ourself,
while we all have abundance and kindness, compassion, activities, according to our cover blades, to
help and to support for everyone, at least the motivation and intention will be strong and keep
that aspiration.
And those all know an essence and foundation of the very dharma, the creative teacher for the
teachings, those are really, it's dharma, so this is essence.
And thank again, wish you all such a daily, best meeting, and good health, everything, again, with
this intention forward, and we now will begin to practice again, to support the body, all of the
Buddhas, the bodhisattvas, and dharma, sangha, over the dharma, sangha.
Murugam, the sambhava, and the bodhisattva, the dharas, and everyone, all of the Buddhas, the bod
hisattvas, and the lineage master support to propel our wish and our attention to what we really
wish for.
Thank you again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Now we'll begin, we do a few minutes of science and meditation, and then we'll begin
with opening our prayer.
Please, leading prayers as we do. Always, I thank you. Thank you.